This File is a dump of all the ideas that keep on piling up in my mind during the development of this project.

One big mistake I did in this project is that I just started coding the stuff out here when getting a clear picture
of the implementation details. Referring to UCAD diagrams and SRS would have been more helpful and would reduce the
ambiguity that arises in this current phase of development.
However, things are managed pretty much good as of now. Web Server is almost done and now I need to start developing
the client module of this project. That would be a PHP based Web App where I can actually use my Web Services and
implement the Business requirements of this project.

Right now I am thinking as to what should be the properties of Complaint Object. Let's try it out to list down the
properties of this object.

1. Register complaint (addComplaint)
2. Read previous complaints (listAllComplaintsById)
3. Delete Complaint (deleteComplaint)

Lets make it this only as of now.

Wait Wait Wait !! Seems there is an issue.

As discussed earlier with the group members, the complaint module has to be separate. But the user has to login
to enter the complaint and see all his previous complaints. That means, the complaints table has to be connected
with the Users table for login credentials verification.
So here there can be a solution to this problem, if I connect the primary keys i.e. the 'id' attribute of both the
tables together, and then when asked for login credentials, i would get the id of this credential object and then
register or display the complaint records based on this id only.

The above mentioned issue was resolved somehow. The project is completed and is being demonstrated to Prof. Gorthi and Arpan Sir. Although we didn't have that great UI
for the project, but they were impressed by the fact that our group developed a software service which would be used
by the LNMIIT students as well as the MIS people. Fortunately that would fetch us more marks in the project ;)

Meanwhile, I showed an extremely bad team work spirit in this project. Not that I was rude to my team members or I
didn't cooperate. It's just that I developed the entire project on my owm, without involving my team members. !!
Anyways, I exaplained to them in full detail. I hope they got the context cleared.

It was great learning this REST API development using Spring Hibernate Framework.